     Software License Agreement for the use of HacX. 

     This file was created by Rich Johnston. Permission to distribute this
Software has been granted by Banjo Software to Rich Johnston (aka Nostromo).
Written permission is on record and may be viewed upon request.  This
permission extends ONLY to Rich Johnston and can not be extended to any
other individual, business or entity without the written consent of Banjo
Software or Rich Johnston.

     I, Rich Johnston, do hereby allow all files produced by Banjo Software
to be distributed freely. By continuing the installation of these files, by
loading or running these files, by placing or copying these files onto your
computer hard drive, or by distributing these files, you are agreeing to be
bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms of
this Agreement, promptly delete these files and deny distribution of these
files.

Software Agreement
------------------

     1. This file (known as Legal.txt) and the credits file (known as
Credits.txt) must accompanying all distribution of these files.

     2. Grant of License.  Banjo grants to you the right to use these files.
You are allowed to make WAD files and/or modify the files to be used in
conjuntion with the games DOOM II (copyright, Id Software, Inc.) and Hacx
(copyright, Banjo Software, Inc.). They may NOT be used with any other
commercial software. However, they may be used with Non-commercial software.

     3. Commercial Use is Prohibited: These files are being distributed as
ROYALTY FREE. Under no circumstances shall anyone, be permitted, allowed or
authorized to commercially exploit these files, or any data comprising the
files (whether modified by you or otherwise) without written consent from
Banjo.  Neither you nor anyone at your direction shall do the following acts
with regard to these files, either in whole or part:

          a.  Rent the files;

          b.  Sell the files;

          c.  Lease the files;

          d.  Offer the files on a pay-per-play basis; or

          e.  In any manner and through any medium whatsoever commercially
              exploit the files or use the files for any commercial purpose.

     4. Copyright.  These files are owned by Banjo and is protected by
United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions.  You must
treat these files like any other copyrighted material. You agree to use your
best efforts to see that any user of these files licensed hereunder complies
with this Agreement.

Any questions or comments should be directed to

Rich Johnston
Nostromo
Caretaker of Banjo Software files
Nostromo@DrNostromo.com
http://www.drnostromo.com